Blog post for PostgREST v11 (#14012)
supabase/supabase: apps/www/_blog/2023-07-06-postgrest-11.1-release.mdx

  bar text,
  baz int default 100
);
```

You can now do it like this:

```jsx
const { error } = await supabase
  .from('foo')
  .insert([
	  { "bar": "val1"
	  }
	, { "bar": "val2"
	  , "baz": 15
	  }
	], defaultToNull: false)
  .select()
```

And the response will be:

```json
[
  { "id":  1
  , "bar": "val1"
  , "baz": 100
  }
, { "id":  2
  , "bar": "val2"
  , "baz": 15
  }
]
```

As you can see, `id` and `baz` took their default values.

## ANY/ALL filter modifiers

As a shortcut to `OR` filters, you can now use `any` modifiers on various filters. Take the `like` filter as an example:

```jsx
const res = await postgrest
    .from('users')
    .select()
    .likeAnyOf('username', ['%supa%', '%kiwi%'])
```

This is equivalent to the following in SQL.

```sql
SELECT * FROM users WHERE username LIKE ANY('{%supa%,%kiwi%}');
```

`any` modifiers are available for the `eq,like,ilike,gt,gte,lt,lte,match,imatch` filters.

For completeness, the `all` modifier is also included.

## Closing up

There you have it, now you can make your API more secure with role settings and use higher isolation levels without resorting to direct PostgreSQL connections.

> PostgREST v11.1 is available for all new projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostgREST v11.1 is available for all Supabase projects created after 5 July 2023. Existing projects will be gradually migrated over the next month.
```

> PostgREST v11.1 is available for all Supabase projects created after 5 July 2023. Existing projects will be gradually migrated over the next month.

Reviewer 2: @kiwicopple In light of the recent [incident](https://status.supabase.com/incidents/jb5pzhjhbk0r), maybe we should put it like this:
```suggestion
PostgREST v11.1 is available for all Supabase projects created after 5 July 2023. Existing projects can upgrade by doing a pause/unpause.
```
WDYT?
